feat(workflow): allow dynamic groups for group JEXL transform (#1098)
projectcaluma/caluma: docs/dynamic-groups.md

# Dynamic Groups

> Caluma allows you to define custom dynamic groups to use in the
> `address_groups` and `control_groups` properties of a `Task`. Those dynamic
> groups can be used to e.g. define role based groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Caluma allows you to write code that returns groups for use in the
`address_groups` and `control_groups` properties of a `Task`. A typical use-case for such "dynamic groups" would be to define role based groups.
```

## Configuration

To configure a custom dynamic groups class, you can set the `DYNAMIC_GROUPS_CLASSES` environment variable.

When using the Caluma service, you can place your class in
`caluma.extensions.dynamic_groups` and set `DYNAMIC_GROUPS_CLASSES` to
`["caluma.extensions.dynamic_groups.CustomDynamicGroups"]`.

> ## Example dynamic groups class

Reviewer: Reminder: Can return list of groups or single group.

```python
from caluma.caluma_workflow.dynamic_groups import (
    BaseDynamicGroups,
    register_dynamic_group,
)

class CustomDynamicGroups(BaseDynamicGroups):

>     @register_dynamic_group("client_administrator")
>     def resolve_client_administrator(self, task, case, user, prev_work_item):
>         if case.workflow.slug == "workflow-1":
>             return "some-administrator-group"
> 
>         return "some-other-administrator-group"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    @register_dynamic_group("legal_dept")
    def resolve_legal_dept(self, task, case, user, prev_work_item):
        # custom business logic ...
        return find_legal_dept(case)
```

```

> You can then use that defined dynamic group `"client_administrator"` in the
> `Task` properties by postfixing them with a transform:
> `["client_administrator"|dynamic_group]`. The created `WorkItem` would then
> have an evaluated value `["some-administrator-group"]` or
> `["some-other-administrator-group"]` for that property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then use that defined dynamic group `"legal_dept"` in the
`Task` properties by postfixing them with a transform:
`"legal_dept"|groups`. The created `WorkItem` would then
have an evaluated value like `["legal-dept-boston"]` or
`["legal-dept-nyc"]` for that property.
```
